DOC Tidy up changelog for 314 release (#6268)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/project/changelog.md

## Unreleased

### General

- {{ Update }} Upgraded to Python 3.14.2. {pr}`6161`

- {{ ABI }} Upgraded Emscripten to 5.0.3 {pr}`6161`

> - {{ Breaking }} We do not unvendor stdlibs anymore. `sqlite3` and `lzma` are now bundled into Pyodide by default. `pydecimal` and `test` package is removed from the distribution.

Reviewer: nit: subject-verb agreement, and tense
```suggestion
- {{ Breaking }} We do not unvendor stdlibs anymore. `sqlite3` and `lzma` are now bundled into Pyodide by default. The `pydecimal` and `test` packages have been removed from the distribution.
```

  limited backwards incompatibility.
  {pr}`6022`

> - {{ Fix }} Fixed invalid refcounting when multiple JS objects that share the reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{ Fix }} Fixed invalid refcounting when multiple JS objects that share a reference
```
